Feature/add diagnostic tools (#120)
WOVNio/WOVN.php: README.en.md

| Using SSI            | Whether you are using SSI(Server Side Includes)                       |

### Wovn Diagnostics Tool

WOVN.php ships with a diagnostics tool that automatically gathers information for debugging purposes. This tool is shippped disabled by default.

This diagnostics tool is meant for clients running WOVN.php with Apache. To enable the Wovn Diagnostics Tool, please do the following tasks:

1. Uncomment the relevant lines in the `.htaccess` files in your documents root *and* the WOVN.php folder.

2. Create a `.htpasswd` file by running the command `htpasswd -cB .htpasswd wovn_diagnostics` inside the WOVN.php folder. This will create a password for username `wovn_diagnostics`.

3. Create an empty `wovnphp_diagnostics.html` file inside the WOVN.php folder.

4. Access the diagnostic tool at `yourwebsite.com/WOVN.php/diagnostics.php`. You will need to login using the password created in step 2.

5. Follow the on screen instructions to get the diagnostic report, which will be written to the `wovnphp_diagnostics.html`.

Please only enable the diagnostics tool when it is necessary to do so.

#### If you are upgrading

> If you are upgrading from an older version of WOVN.php, please manually add the following lines to your `.htaccess` files:

Reviewer: If this text stays for a while, it is better to state what "older version" means.
```suggestion
If you are upgrading from WOVN.php 1.1.1 or older, please manually add the following lines to your `.htaccess` files:
```

**Inside your documents root**
```
<IfModule mod_rewrite.c>
  RewriteEngine On

  # Intercept only static content: html and htm urls
  # Warning: do not remove this line or other content could be loaded
  RewriteCond %{REQUEST_URI} /$ [OR]
  RewriteCond %{REQUEST_URI} \.(html|htm|shtml|php|php3|phtml)
  RewriteCond %{QUERY_STRING} !^off_wovn_php=1$
  # Use the wovn_index.php to handle static pages

>   RewriteRule .? wovn_index.php [L]

Reviewer: This section of the `.htaccess` is meant only for static websites. I guess you are adding it for `RewriteCond %{QUERY_STRING} !^off_wovn_php=1$` but it will have unwanted impact on PHP sites.

_Some history: Because it is difficult to fully support any website configuration with `.htaccess`, we deprecated wovnphp and created WOVN.php with two modes: a PHP mode where our script must be required from the PHP code that limits bugs related to content discovery (because we rely on devs rather than our `.htaccess`), and a static mode for non-PHP websites that relies on `.htaccess`_.
